I like action movies.
I'm looking for something with Samuel L. Jackson.
I only watch romantic comedies with my girlfriend.
I can't remember if I've seen it already.
Gus Van Sant is a hack.
I like the part where he gets hit by the bus.
What did you think about that movie?
What's that movie with Jack Nicholson where he's in a mental institution?
Has Jerry Springer ever been in a movie?
That movie sucked.
She's hot.
I liked "The Big Lebowski".
Are there any comedies with Hugh Grant that aren't romantic comedies?
I think my fear of commitment stems from a lack of affection from my mother.
Are you sure you can't answer your own question?
I'm not too fond of James Cameron.
I like his earlier work.
I remember this one time at band camp when the first chair clarinet threw up all over the conductor. I thought it should be in a movie.
I want an action movie with Danny Glover but I hate Mel Gibson.
I want to watch one of those Mormon movies.
Which is the best?
Tell me about your parents.
Here is a test.
Why is the sky blue?
I like Black Dynamite!
You are the most stupid thing I have ever used.
Already saw it.
Seen it.
What is so great about "The Shawshank Redemption"?
How many genres do you know about?
Do you know about foreign films?
Has Tim Curry been in any other movies besides "Rocky Horror"?
Name movies with John Cusack in them.
What is his best movie.
What is his  most recent movie?
What is "12 Angry Men" about?
What movies are like "The Usual Suspects?
I like courtroom thrillers. Can you tell me some good ones?
Who is considered the most attractive female star of all time?
Who starred in "One Flew over the Cuckoo's Nest"?
Who was the male lead in "One Flew over the Cuckoo's Nest"?
Who was the female lead?
What do people like about Casablanca?
List some movies based on Nick Hornby novels.
Which 10 movies have the alltime highest review ratings?
Who are the female leads who have been in films with John Cusack.
Are there any films about Alexander the Great.
List some movies based on John Grisham books.
What recent movies have strong female leads.
How many movies was Jimmy Stewart in?
What movies won academy awards in 1960?
Who one best actor academy award in 1980.
Did John Travolta ever win an academy award?
Who has won best director the most times?
Name children’s movies with Glenn Close in them.
What is Kevin Kline’s most popular movie?
What was Liam Neeson’s first film?
Name movies with Grace Kelly and Cary Grant in them.
Does she always play someone wicked in children’s movies?
Tell me who was in "Heat".
Was Jerry Springer in that movie?
Was that directed by Ethan Coen?
Tell Gus Van Sant that I think he's a hack.
When was "Dr. Strangelove" made?
Give me a list of movies with Uma Thurman.
Give me some movies with Madonna.
List all the movies directed by him.
I like her movies.
Have there been any movies about polygamy?
Has anyone made a movie about polygamy?
Has there ever been a movie about polygamy?
Does Quentin Tarantino appear in any of his movies?










